1.
Question 1
Which of the following will an application spend the longest time retrieving data from?

1 / 1 point

CPU L2 cache


RAM


Disk


The network

Correct
Right on! An application will take the longest time trying to retrieve data from the network.

2.
Question 2
Which tool can you use to verify reports of 'slowness' for web pages served by a web server you manage?

1 / 1 point

The top tool


The ab tool


The nice tool


The pidof tool

Correct
Great work! The ab tool is an Apache Benchmark tool used to figure out how slow a web server is based on average timing of requests.

3.
Question 3
If our computer running Microsoft Windows is running slow, what performance monitoring tools can we use to analyze our system resource usage to identify the bottleneck? (Check all that apply)

1 / 1 point

Performance Monitor

Correct
Excellent! Performance Monitor is a system monitoring program that provides basic CPU and memory resource measurements in Windows.


Resource Monitor

Correct
Nice job! Resource Monitor is an advanced resource monitoring utility that provides data on hardware and software resources in real time.


Activity Monitor


top 

4.
Question 4
Which of the following programs is likely to run faster and more efficiently, with the least slowdown?

1 / 1 point

A program with a cache stored on a hard drive


A program small enough to fit in RAM


A program that reads files from an optical disc


A program that retrieves most of its data from the Internet

Correct
Nice work! Since RAM access is faster than accessing a disk or network, a program that can fit in RAM will run faster.

5.
Question 5
What might cause a single application to slow down an entire system? (Check all that apply)

0 / 1 point

A memory leak

Correct
Woohoo! Memory leaks happen when an application doesn't release memory when it is supposed to.


The application relies on a slow network connection

This should not be selected
Not quite. While a single application might go slow due to using a slow connection, this shouldn't affect the entire system.


Handling files that have grown too large


Hardware faults

