1.
Question 1
Which of the following would be effective in resolving a large issue if it happens again in the future?

0 / 1 point

Incident controller


Postmortem


Rollbacks


Load balancers

Incorrect
Not quite. An incident controller's effectiveness is applicable at the time of the incident.

2.
Question 2
During peak hours, users have reported issues connecting to a website. The website is hosted by two load balancing servers in the cloud and are connected to an external SQL database. Logs on both servers show an increase in CPU and RAM usage. What may be the most effective way to resolve this issue with a complex set of servers?

1 / 1 point

Use threading in the program


Cache data in memory


Automate deployment of additional servers


Optimize the database

Correct
You got it! Automatically deploying additional servers to handle the loads of requests during peak hours can resolve issues with a complex set of servers.

3.
Question 3
It has become increasingly common to use cloud services and virtualization. Which kind of fix, in particular, does virtual cloud deployment speed up and simplify?

1 / 1 point

Deployment of new servers 


Application code fixes


Log reviewing


Postmortems

Correct
Right on! Virtualization makes deployment of VM servers in the cloud a fast and relatively simple process.

4.
Question 4
What should we include in our postmortem? (Check all that apply)

1 / 1 point

Root cause of the issue

Correct
Sweet! In order to learn about the problem and how it happens in general, we should include what caused it this time.


How we diagnosed the problem

Correct
Awesome! By clarifying how we identified the problem, it can be more easily identified in the future.


How we fixed the problem

Correct
Excellent! In order to share with reviewers how the issue was resolved, it's important to include what we did to solve it this time.


Who caused the problem

5.
Question 5
In general, what is the goal of a postmortem? (Check all that apply)

1 / 1 point

To identify who is at fault


To allow prevention in the future

Correct
Way to go! By describing the cause of the problem, we can learn to avoid the same circumstances in the future.


To allow speedy remediation of similar issues in the future

Correct
Woohoo! By describing in detail how we fixed the problem, we can help others or ourselves fix the same problem more quickly in the future.


To analyze all system bugs

